https://github.com/weaveworks/flux.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/coreos/prometheus-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/coreos/etcd-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/oracle/weblogic-kubernetes-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/CrunchyData/postgres-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/spark-on-k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/keel-hq/keel.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/krallistic/kafka-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/coreos/tectonic-installer.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/stefanprodan/flagger.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/zalando/postgres-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/rook/operator-kit.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/instaclustr/cassandra-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/camilb/prometheus-kubernetes.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/VirtusLab/jenkins-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-enterprise-kubernetes.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/spotahome/kooper.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/sapcc/kubernetes-operators.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/operator-framework/helm-app-operator-kit.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/openfaas-incubator/openfaas-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/lwolf/kube-cleanup-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/arangodb/kube-arangodb.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/giantswarm/operatorkit.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/spotahome/redis-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/habitat-sh/habitat-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/pravega/zookeeper-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/nats-io/nats-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/ianlewis/memcached-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/coreos/container-linux-update-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/coreos/terraform-aws-kubernetes.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/giantswarm/aws-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/Redis-Operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/admiraltyio/multicluster-controller.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-manifests.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jw-s/redis-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/reactiveops/rbac-manager.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kubeflow/mxnet-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/banzaicloud/logging-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/aliyx/tidb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kbst/mongodb.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-registry.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Dynatrace/dynatrace-oneagent-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/radanalyticsio/spark-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/banzaicloud/hpa-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/lukebond/cc-au-k8s-operators-workshop.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/gluster/anthill.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/lessor/lessor.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/banzaicloud/istio-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jenkins-x/sso-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/linki/cloudformation-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Nuance-Mobility/zookeeper-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kubic-project/dex-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/presslabs/wordpress-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/samsung-cnct/jenkins-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/pravega/pravega-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/kubevault/operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/minio/minio-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/solo-io/envoy-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/tsloughter/grafana-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/m3db/m3db-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/nagypeter/weblogic-operator-tutorial.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kubic-project/registries-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/benbromhead/cassandra-operator-old.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jvm-operators/abstract-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/python/consul-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/replicatedhq/gatekeeper.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/microbean/microbean-kubernetes-controller.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/beekhof/rss-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Ultimaker/k8s-mongo-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/vitessio/vitess-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/coreos/terraform-azurerm-kubernetes.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/vgkowski/cassandra-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/giantswarm/azure-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-metering.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/ianlewis/controllerutil.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/baidu/paddle-on-k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/gocardless/theatre.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/giantswarm/cert-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/banzaicloud/nodepool-labels-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mumoshu/aws-secret-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/coryodaniel/bonny.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/ptagr/pod-reaper.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/Altinity/clickhouse-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/prune998/certmerge-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/nagypeter/weblogic-kubernetes-operator-on-OKE.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/agill17/Infrastructure-as-Code.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/kbst/memcached.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/banzaicloud/bank-vaults.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/aerogear/android-sdk-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/metalkube/ironic-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jmckind/jira-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/snowdrop/component-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/alexellis/minikube-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/storageos/cluster-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/nicolai86/couchdb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/b23llc/nifi-fn-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/paulczar/gcp-cloud-compute-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/saada/mongodb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/piontec/netperf-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/septeni-original/k8s_job.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/huawei-cloudfederation/redis-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jamiehannaford/coreos-reboot-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/vshn/k8up.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jelmersnoeck/grafana-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/tdraebing/windows95-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jmckind/rethinkdb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/apricote/hcloud-floating-ip-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/secat/memhog-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/verfio/chaos-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/giantswarm/flannel-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/embercsi/ember-csi-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/etiennecoutaud/kanary.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/side8/k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/wrasdf/kube-kcrds-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/census-ecosystem/kubernetes-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/pickledrick/vpc-peering-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/minekube/coordinator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/galexrt/elasticsearch-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mhausenblas/operator-101.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/stakater/Konfigurator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/barpilot/kinky.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/cisco-sso/snapshot-manager.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/atomix/atomix-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/microdc/k8s-dynamodb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/dougbtv/asterisk-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/tangcong/codis-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/ClearScore/python-kubernetes-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/ContainerSolutions/externalconfig-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Ma-Dan/fluentbit-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/embano1/whalesay-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kube-incubator/tomcat-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/verfio/fortio-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/zmhassan/mlflow-tracking-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/minekube/operator4j.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/onuryilmaz/k8s-operator-example.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/erleans/vonnegut_operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kevinjqiu/artillery-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/tsuru/nginx-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/MYOB-Technology/ops-kube-alerting-rules-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/aixeshunter/prometheus-kubernetes-deploy.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/arthur0/kubernetes-tutorials.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/lukebond/contain-london-operators-20170606.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/giantswarm/node-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/tonyontopic/k8s-operators.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/imcsk8/k8s-operators.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/aslanbakirov/cassandra-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kudzu-sh/kudzu.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/vvicaretti/k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/vromero/activemq-artemis-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/anywhy/redis-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/shrinandj/smoke-test-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/ktateish/postgresql-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Hyperpilotio/hyperpilot-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/IBM/openwhisk-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/sstarcher/newrelic-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/troposhq/kong-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/sylus/drupal-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/mcasimir/regsecret-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/alecmerdler/operator-dashboard.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/yylin1/custom-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/IBM/cloud-operators.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/NVIDIA/gpu-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/r3boot/anycast-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/xiaopal/kube-informer.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/giantswarm/kvm-operator-node-controller.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/MalloZup/terraform-libvirt-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/dollarshaveclub/node-auto-repair-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/microcks/microcks-ansible-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/sapcc/vcenter-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/marvinosswald/kubeterm.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jgmize/holokube.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/gabeduke/dukemon-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/arghya88/rabbitmq-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/blkswanio/popper-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/crywolf/memcached-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/libopenstorage/operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/peak-oss/peakoperator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/lukebond/postgres-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/tjololo/hello-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/wstrange/dsoperator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/unfunco/spryker-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Medium/picchu.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/travisn/test-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/skolodyazhnyy/pingdom-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/alok87/k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/TomasLongo/esoperator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jnummelin/pod-ttl-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/sugare/operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/inc0/dask-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/zdq0394/k8soperator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/aveshagarwal/kube-scheduler-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/previousnext/cloudfront-invalidation-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/side8/k8s-elasticsearch-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/gree-gorey/crate-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/andrewkandzuba/openexchange-kube-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/TremoloSecurity/openunison-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/gavinzhou/influxdb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/cdapio/cdap-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/markramach/bootsy.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/m-wrona/k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/aveshagarwal/kube-scheduler-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/previousnext/cloudfront-invalidation-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/smartmachine/crdb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/MYOB-Technology/shell-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/barpilot/node-labeler-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jritsema/k8s-crd-poc.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Collaborne/kubernetes-aws-resource-service.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jw-s/feature-branch-janitor.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Axonista/kube-bgo.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/tangzhankun/yarn-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/rareddy/teiid-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/ravisantoshgudimetla/descheduler-operator-2.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Subathra1992/burrow-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/previousnext/mysql-database-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/psychopenguin/redops.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/nitisht/minio-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/paulczar/oauth2-proxy-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/neilpeterson/azure-fqdn-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/craicoverflow/golang-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/wstewartii/hlf-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/DanskSupermarked/mariadb-galera-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/nexiles/thingworx-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/tantona/sqs-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jsafrane/local-storage-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Ziyang2go/workflowop.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/andyxning/nsq-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/schechun/k8s-operator-example.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/hoeghh/k8s-minecraft-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/christophefarges/test-operator-sdk.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/aleksdjuricin/beam-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/flugel-it/k8s-python-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jmesnil/wildfly-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/chokkoyamada/mackerel-operator-helm.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/rogbas/dummy-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/xcoulon/podset-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/camilocot/cassandra-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/everpeace/chainer-operator-proto.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/pvdvreede/db-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/headcr4sh/kubernetes-grafana-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/flugel-it/k8s-metacontroller-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kaitoy/elasticsearch-db-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/vamsiramakrishnan/weblogic-kubernetes-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/duyuyang/pingaling-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/pyxida/grafana-annotation-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kubehippie/database-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mjhuber/alert-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/reactiveops/AWS-ElasticSearch-Operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/guilhem/healthcheck-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/registryflow/registryflow.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/isaaguilar/go-operator-sandbox.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/boltonsolutions/secret-mangement-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/sparknetworks/regsecret-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/NicolasT/zenko-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/travis-ci/worker-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/viktor-pecheniuk/k8s_spark_app.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/previousnext/solr-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jvm-operators/scala-example-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/PolarGeospatialCenter/ceph-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/MySocialApp/kubernetes-helm-chart-prometheus-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/jpweber/servicemon-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/christopherL91/kubernetes-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mgianatagh/my-k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/turanozen/postgres-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kaitoy/zundoko-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/previousnext/solr-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jvm-operators/scala-example-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/MySocialApp/kubernetes-helm-chart-prometheus-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/PolarGeospatialCenter/ceph-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/harbur/sops-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/pyxida/grafana-annotation-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kubehippie/database-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mjhuber/alert-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/sebadiaz/kube-app-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/travisn/rook-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jvm-operators/kotlin-example-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/xetys/kismatic-prometheus.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/slok/role-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/tsuru/rpaas-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/yanniszark/kubernetes-operator-demo.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/salkin/harbor-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/lukebond/orchestrate-barcelona-operators-20170406.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/ringtail/performance-tuning-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/stgarf/minecraft-operator-go.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/lukebond/coreos-london-operators-20170124.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/rosskukulinski/rethinkdb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/fakemoon/postgres-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Wi3ard/k8s-prometheus-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/arghya88/apache-geode-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Terracotta-OSS/terracotta-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kairen/line-bot-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kwoodson/customer-admin-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/krubot/terraform-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/Nilesh7756/prometheus-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/goblain/mariadb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/nicklathe/terraform-test-files.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jvm-operators/javascript-example-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/fstab/promagent-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/flugel-it/k8s-go-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/christianwoehrle/apigateway-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/alanpengpan/prometheus-operator-k8s-cluster.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/josledp/kms-secrets-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/marvelous-systems/backup-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/olivierboucher/redis-cluster-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jvm-operators/operator-mvn-archetypes.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/elemental-lf/ceph-osd-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/cogitarum/database-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/sysdiglabs/sysdig-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/noetl/noetl-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/PolarGeospatialCenter/local-storage-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/alecmerdler/apb-app-operator-kit.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/microcks/microcks-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/unfunco/spryker-operated.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/synax/mssql-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/ChanYiLin/practice-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/pb82/serverless-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/yanniszark/cassandra-operator-experimental.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jmckind/podset-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/opennetworkinglab/onos-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/evcraddock/mongodb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/WPH95/operator-kit.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/radu-matei/learning-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/chanshik/mysql-operator-hands-on.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/Nalum/pingdom-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/darkowlzz/daemonset-job.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/chris530/redis-inventory-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jvm-operators/haskell-example-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/radu-matei/eventgrid-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/StefanoFioravanzo/dl-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/zdq0394/rabbitmq-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/iSofiane/flink-on-k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/giantswarm/ingress-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/jlerche/titan-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mcasimir/kubernetes-resource-controller.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/zdq0394/redis-cluster-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/thatInfrastructureGuy/redeploy-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/sjones-sot/uwsgi-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/hello2mao/blockchain-on-k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mdevilliers/k8s-sass-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/justinbarrick/ipvs-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jungho/k8s-crds.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/nirnanaaa/etcd-backup-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/grepplabs/aws-resource-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/joelanford/workshop.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/alihhussain/NorStar.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mmerrill3/persistence-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mareimorsy/monitoring-stack.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/AmreeshTyagi/mysql-operator-5.7.24-1.1.8.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/garyhuang123/kubernetes-node-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/cheuklau/prometheus-operator-test.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/quobyte/k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/rbuck/consul-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mdevilliers/k8s-sass-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/justinbarrick/ipvs-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/jungho/k8s-crds.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/nirnanaaa/etcd-backup-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/grepplabs/aws-resource-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/enj/example-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/saivarunr/KubernetesPodOperator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/santiagoangel/kubernetes-automation-coreosway.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/dsesami/operator-metering-cpu-metrics-example.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/9space/ncloud.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/marjoram/eg.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/izavits/airflow-k8s-example.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mpolinowski/kube-prometheus.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/marjoram/pipeline-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/anandmohnish/rds-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/agill17/s3-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/agill17/rds-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
